from cyberlink and I think most of you
are familiar with us but for for those
who aren't one of the leading multimedia
software developers our software ships
on more than one hundred million pcs
here key to our success has been working
closely with technology leaders like AMD
and I'm happy to say we've got a great
support from the great team at AMD to
give you the highest optimal performance
on any AMD hardware we're really psyched
about the radeon 6000 series we've been
working for many months our engineers
with amd's engineers to optimize
performance and light up some of these
great new capabilities obviously one of
the big most important things to a
company like cyberlink is the full
support for stereoscopic 3d signaling
through hdmi 1.4 and AMD has done a
great job there I want to briefly
mention as well that we've been working
long and hard with partners like AMD on
GPU computing and the technology
formerly known as a TI stream lives on
and it's rebranded now known as AMD
accelerated parallel processing
technology or app we've got a feature
that cyberlink and AMD were first to
bring you about a year ago after the
Radeon 5001 whole quantity blu-ray audio
bit streaming so you can decode the
audio on your AV receiver and you have a
really clean set up and you can adjust
all your dialogue normalization and all
those settings in your AV receiver so
home theater enthusiasts will love this
new generation of graphics it's perfect
for them it's it's nirvana it's
everything they've been looking for
you